Full changelogs for 0.14.0 May release (#2006)
QCoDeS/Qcodes: docs/changes/0.14.0.rst

* Remove deprecated ``zmq_helpers.py`` with ``Publisher`` and ``UnboundedPublisher`` (#1983)
* Remove deprecated ``_save_val`` method of ``_BaseParameter`` (#1980)
* Remove deprecated ``qcodes.dataset.sqlite_base`` and ``qcodes.dataset.database`` modules (#1981)
* The ``name`` and the ``short_name`` attributes of the _BaseParameter have become read-only. It is not 
  possible to change the name or short_name of the parameter after instantiation. (#1989)

Improved drivers:
_________________

* Improvements to ``KeysightB1520A`` to fix the following two issues. First, ``is_enabled`` function outputs 
  `False` instead of throwing an error if channels are not enabled. Second, the values of ``voltage_dc``, 
  ``voltage_ac``, and ``frequency`` parameters can be raised/decreased at a specified rate by defining the 
  step attribute of these parameters. (#1998)

> * New method to increase the range of a ``Keysight34465S`` driver. This method can access and search ranges 

Reviewer: Should perhaps be `increase and decrease the range of `Keysight344xx` drivers as it suppors all the submodels

  can access and search ranges and implements them into the setter. (#1996)
* Coerce ``KeysightB1500`` coefficient for nplc settings to int. The b1500 instrument does not update 
  integration time if it receives a non-int value. (#1987)

> 

Reviewer 2: @trevormorgan if #2001 is merged. You may use the following description 
" Added parameters to``KeysightB1520A`` driver to allow CV staircase sweep. The ``setup_staircase_cv`` method can be used to set-up the state of the CMU for CV staircase sweep and ``run_sweep`` method to run the sweep measurements. Look at CV Sweep section of example notebook for more description."

* Remove deprecated ``zmq_helpers.py`` with ``Publisher`` and ``UnboundedPublisher`` (#1983)
* Remove deprecated ``_save_val`` method of ``_BaseParameter`` (#1980)
* Remove deprecated ``qcodes.dataset.sqlite_base`` and ``qcodes.dataset.database`` modules (#1981)
* The ``name`` and the ``short_name`` attributes of the _BaseParameter have become read-only. It is not 
  possible to change the name or short_name of the parameter after instantiation. (#1989)

Improved drivers:
_________________

> * Improvements to ``KeysightB1520A`` to fix the following two issues, ``is_enabled` function 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Improvements to ``KeysightB1520A`` to fix the following two issues, ``is_enabled`` function 
```

> * Improvements to ``KeysightB1520A`` to fix the following two issues, ``is_enabled` function 
>   was giving an error when called before enabling channels. This is fixed by checking if ``activated_channels`` 
>   is not empty string. Also adding ``get_cmd`` to ``voltage_dc``, ``voltage_ac``, ``frequency``. The above 
>   two fixes allows user to use the step attribute of the parameter to slowly raise/decrease a parameter. 
>   Before these fixes the user was getting a warning that the parameter is jumping to designated value. This 
>   because the starting value of the parameter was not found and there was no get_cmd available. (#1998)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Improvements to ``KeysightB1520A`` to fix the following two issues. First, ``is_enabled`` function outputs `False` instead of throwing an error if channels are not enabled. Second, the values of ``voltage_dc``, ``voltage_ac``, and ``frequency`` parameters can be raised/decreased at a specified rate by defining the step attribute of these parameters. (#1998)
```
